You've seen how to define and train
your own CNNs with a number of specified layers and hyperparameters,
and you've also seen examples of some state of
the art CNN architectures like VGG and ResNet.
These are the result of careful experimentation with
many architectures and extensive hyperparameter tuning.
They've been trained on the very large ImageNet database,
which has 1,000 object classes.
This training data is so large and the models have so many parameters that
training models like these often takes weeks even on multiple GPUs.
So, it would be ideal if we could find a way
to use what these models have already learned,
and apply that knowledge to a new task.
For example, say that you have
some images you want to classify like those in the CIFAR dataset.
Instead of constructing a CNN from scratch,
can we instead take the knowledge from a trained CNN like ResNet,
and use it to help classify the set of images.
Yes, we can, and this is best accomplished through a technique called transfer learning.
Transfer learning is all about how to use
a pre-trained network and apply it to a task of your own design,
transferring what it's learned from one task to another.
There are a few ways to implement transfer learning,
and your approach will depend on how similar a dataset
is to the dataset that a pre-trained network has seen.
In other words, how transferable can certain knowledge be?
In this lesson, we'll answer this question and go
over different strategies for transfer learning,
and you'll learn how to implement transfer learning in code using
a pre-trained network to help classify different sets of images.